what Mac welcome back welcome back today
we're gonna do an avocado beat condition
because my hair is so dry so yeah let's
get through so first thing you're going
to need two avocados and they're super
cheap I use two avocados because my hair
is super thick and one just won't work
for me and you're going to need a bulb
obviously you're gonna need a bowl what
else you're getting blue tin
after you pluck the seed out just take
your spoon and scoop out the avocado out
of shale it's super easy to you know get
out of this little little hum there and
do that to both sides
and after you do that you just start to
mesh and mash it and mash it until it
gets to a soupy like consistency now
it'll still have some clumps left in
there I don't mind keeping the clumps in
there but you know everybody's different
you can put it in the blender and you
know use a rice strainer to get a soupy
like consistency but this works fine for
me I start off with my hair in four
sections two in the front and two in the
back
starting one section at a time I start
to lightly detangle the section before
putting the mixture on my hair I try not
to finger detangle too much only the
bigger tangles that I know be a hassle
to get out and other than that just keep
putting the avocado mix on my hair with
this treatment the more the better I've
noticed that after doing an avocado deep
condition that my hair is a lot shinier
a lot smoother a lot softer and it looks
a lot healthy
and then pin it up and move to the next
section saturate your hair with the
avocado mix
the ends of your hair are the oldest
parts so make sure you pay close
attention to them when you're doing any
treatment and that's it guys is super
easy just make sure that when you're
doing this deep condition that you
really saturate your hair with the
avocado
by travelpod member
you
here's the close-up of what my hair
looks like with the avocado mix in it I
can already tell that with the avocado
mix in my hair that my curls start to
clump up and they look really hydrated I
have noticed that if I do an avocado
treatment before I do a twist out that
my twist out is more defined and shinier
so I don't know if it has something to
do with me doing the avocado treatment
but I definitely think that it it
definitely helps so I do recommend this
treatment and that's it guys so I just
let it sit for 45 minutes and be all Zen
and peaceful and let it take cover your
head with plus bag and see you guys on
45 minutes hey guys I'm back from
washing the avocado out of my hair and
as you can see it left my hair super
shiny super defined there's still some
chunks left in there but that's okay
it's super easy to pick out whenever I'm
doing my twist but I really love doing
avocado deep conditioned and leave my
hair super moisturize so I hope you guys
continue to watch my videos be sure to
LIKE comment and subscribe if you
haven't already done so and I'll see you
guys in the next video bye
you